There are free newspapers in most pubs in and around the city which list the bars and clubs.
If you want the gay scene, which is huge, Oxford St Darlinghurst and King St Newtown are the places to go.
Nightlife in Sydney is superb, try Bungalow 8 in Darling Harbour, or just out of town is the Crows Nest Pub in Falcon Street, Crows Nest, they have live bands on 3~4 nights a week and are open until the early hours.
All the bars around the Harbour are really good day and night.
Near the opera house there is the opera bar, with a live band, so if you are interested in a show and dinner, that would be the place to go.
In the city, closer to accommodation, lots of great bars, clubs and restauants are only a short walk away.
But to Cruise the harbor at night, and see all those lights, to see the Opera house lit up at night as well as the bridge, was awesome.
If you are young and want a picnic, head to Bondi Beach and join the many backpackers and visitors from all over the world spending Christmas day there.
If you want a religious Christmas all religions are catered for with major services in St Mary's (Catholic) and St Andrew's (Anglican) cathedrals.
You could hire a houseboat for a weekend , check out holidaysafloat.com , that I will never forget .
Home bar is rubbish, even when they open all the levels its still pretty crap.
I'd suggest having the party at World Bar, its not too expensive and its one of the few clubs in the whole city where you don't have to scream your lungs out just to talk to the person next to you. 
I think if you are a uni student , some places to go Sidebar which has a real international crowd as it is under a hostel .
I'm not big with the club scene there in Australia, but I was taken to a few places like St George Leagues Club, Parramatta Leagues Club, Club Marconi, Rooty Hill RSL., the last one was a bit on the wild side.
But what really inspired me the first time, was the supper cruise with John Cadman, then it was the Explorer 2000, not sure what they have now.