I love the QVB -LRB- Queen Victoria Building -RRB- which is very near Town Hall in the city .
ENTITY_Bondi_Junction is great - not the main mall , which is just the same high street stores at huge prices , but the pedestrian precinct next to the interchange and all the smaller shops around that area .
Otherwise , try little shops in poorer areas like ENTITY_Marrickville or western ENTITY_Sydney .
The areas around chinatown also have some great shops as well .
Paddy 's market at either Flemmington or ENTITY_Haymarket in ENTITY_Sydney are great for tourists , lots fo souvenirs and imported cheap clothes , the one at ENTITY_Haymarket is next to ENTITY_China town and we found that brilliant while we were in ENTITY_Sydney .
The city is great for bargains and you are coming in June so there are plenty of mid year sales.
Markets are cheap like Bondi Markets on Sundays or Glebe Markets on Saturdays, Paddington Markets and The Rocks markets are good but for a market they are a little pricey.
I'll expand: Cheaper quality makeup: Priceline, there is a huge store in Pitt St Mall (opp the Myers), also one in Broadway Shopping Centre (highest floor, around the corber from Target).
Norton St has many deli type Italian stores.
There is a shop near Town Hall Station (first stop into Sydney from Central) which sells really cheap make-up.
Shopping , well most people from ENTITY_Miama would want Rip Curl , ENTITY_Mambo and Billabong gear , which you can buy at surf shops at ENTITY_Bondi_Beach or ENTITY_Manly_Beach .
Or you can go to ENTITY_Jay_Jays . . they have some cheap clothes there as well .
You should avoid shopping in shopping centers , I strongly recommend you to check out the flea markets , they are great .
if your want to go to a shopping centre try bondi junction . . another cool place to go is manly and you can take the ferry there are some good areas there to shop .
im from ENTITY_sydney and my recommendations for shopping are the rocks as its got the more expensive brands there but also some reallly good markets on the sunday