The ENTITY_Sydney_Marriot hotel is nice on circular quay -LRB- its within walking distance of the opera house , ENTITY_Harbour_Bridge and there is lots of stuff to do close to it -RRB- The last time I stayed there it was in that price range .
Try the following hotels : Four Seasons Hotel Sydney -LRB- 5 star -RRB- ENTITY_Somerset_Darling_Harbour_Sydney -LRB- 4 star -RRB- - One Bedroom Premier Residence-Spa Radisson Plaza Hotel Sydney -LRB- 5 star -RRB- - Executive Spa Suite incl .
Try the ENTITY_Holiday_Inn at ENTITY_Darling_Harbour - right opposite the Entertainment Centre , or the Vibe group , otherwise ENTITY_Accor will have a range of prices and accommodation available from Ibis and Novotel brands which are both reasonable .
The chances of you finding some cheap alternatives is best if you look at one of the last minute web sites where accommodation providors release their unsold rooms.
u can stay at the Fraser Suites Sydney it 's $ 315 a person a night , there wireless connections , room service , one bedroom , king size bed , a kitchen , living room , microwave , sink , Flat screen TV with CD/DVD entrtainment system and Cable TV , a safe , washing machine and dryer , iron and ironing board , telephone , wardrobe , a balcony , and a bathroom .
I 'd suggest the Inner West - ENTITY_Newtown , ENTITY_Petersham , ENTITY_Marrickville etc , excellent transport and high street shops , gyms , public and private pools , close to public open space -LRB- ENTITY_Sydney park , Cooks river etc -RRB- .
If you want to see the fireworks and go to night clubs you need to be in the CBD or Circular Quay.
There are a quite a few slightly less expensive around that area - Broadway, Paddy's Market area.
Rental prices in ENTITY_Sydney , anywhere within 30 minutes of travel time to the City will be around $ 450 a week and that 's for a unit , not a house .
Northern Beaches are better , nice beaches , less traffic , average transport availability , several good gyms around the area , golf courses , lots of bush walking and national parks , close to shopping centre , lower crime rate than other areas of ENTITY_sydney .
It is called ENTITY_Base_Backpackers and it is a new type of backpacker place that is luxury -LRB- so do n't think in your head that it is like the dingy places you usually think of !
Try the Southern suburbs like ENTITY_Cronulla , ENTITY_Woollaware , or Caringbah .
Generally the cheapest places are in Kings Cross which isn't the nicest area but it is a short walk to the city centre. 
The Formule 1 in Enfield has rooms for $69 per night and is in a good location if you will be driving (there's a bus stop across the road if you'll be relying on public transport).
Decent hotels, which are not too expensive and has a good location are Crest Hotel next to Kings Cross railway station, which means travelling becomes very easy and Ibis World Square, both are 3 star hotels. 