To Australians the QVB -LRB- and TGV , ENTITY_Galeries_Victoria , opposite -RRB- is the ultimate in rip-off prices , so if you 're on a budget , beware ! 
ENTITY_Bondi_Junction is great - not the main mall , which is just the same high street stores at huge prices , but the pedestrian precinct next to the interchange and all the smaller shops around that area .
Paddy 's market at either Flemmington or ENTITY_Haymarket in ENTITY_Sydney are great for tourists , lots fo souvenirs and imported cheap clothes , the one at ENTITY_Haymarket is next to ENTITY_China town and we found that brilliant while we were in ENTITY_Sydney .
Go to Pitt Street Mall, the Queen Victoria Building, or any westfields around Sydney suburbs like Parramatta or Chatswood.
Markets are cheap like Bondi Markets on Sundays or Glebe Markets on Saturdays, Paddington Markets and The Rocks markets are good but for a market they are a little pricey.
Cheaper quality makeup: Priceline, there is a huge store in Pitt St Mall (opp the Myers), also one in Broadway Shopping Centre (highest floor, around the corber from Target). 
Alternatively, try pharmacies, they usually have cheaper brands of makeup (but they will cost less in Priceline).
You should avoid shopping in shopping centers , I strongly recommend you to check out the flea markets , they are great .
Paddy 's markets - the cheapest -LSB- but not sure how good the quality is - but otherwise ITS A MUST PITT STREET -LSB- mall -RSB- its the bets place its a massive long man road from circular quay till like the bottom on the city and it has shops all the wall down it and about 8 malls inside it .
 if you do n't want expensive just ask someone for directions to a ` westfield shopping centre ' .
shopping ~ everywhere , if you wan na splurge you can go into the heart of syndey that shopping centre is awsome !
There are a number of factory seconds shops in ENTITY_Sydney with some in ENTITY_Foveaux_Street near Central Station . 
Can be hard to find a bargain in ENTITY_sydney , but paddy 's markets are good .
 Or you can go to ENTITY_Jay_Jays .
 ENTITY_Sydney -LRB- or ENTITY_Australia in general -RRB- is not that great for clothes shopping .