In the rocks hands out my favorite place was ENTITY_Cargo_Bar , Home nightclub is also really cool has a young crowd because they advertise a lot at various uni and they have awesome drink specials usually a 2 shot , a four dollar beer , and one drink that is on discount .
The Ivy is nice , but if you really into dancing I would n't go there the dance floor is tiny , and it usually full of people talking more than anything .
 I'd suggest having the party at World Bar, its not too expensive and its one of the few clubs in the whole city where you don't have to scream your lungs out just to talk to the person next to you. 
There are some nice restaurants in East Circular Quay -LRB- ie a short stroll from the Rocks around the harbour - go past the ferry terminals and head toward the ENTITY_Opera_House -RRB- .
Any of the pubs have OK food , ENTITY_Phillips foot is OK the best is the rock pool .
There are well over a million people gather around the harbour foreshores to watch the ENTITY_NYE fireworks .
On land the most popular and best vantage point is ENTITY_Mrs_Macquaries_Chair which is the next point back from the ENTITY_Opera_House by the Botanical Gardens although this is definitely the most crowded place .
If you want the gay scene, which is huge, Oxford St Darlinghurst and King St Newtown are the places to go. 
Nightlife in Sydney is superb, try Bungalow 8 in Darling Harbour, or just out of town is the Crows Nest Pub in Falcon Street, Crows Nest, they have live bands on 3~4 nights a week and are open until the early hours.
for nightlife: hugo's Lounge, hemmisphere, ruby rabbit, saphiresuite, lady lux, icebergs, all within proximity to each other. 
Pontoon really sux, you might find some rnb from like 1995 there but the place is truely crap.
Vivaz in the Rocks or La Cita in Darling Harbour if you're in to real latin american dancing. 
Most popular nightclubs for people your age would be , ENTITY_Tank -LRB- Rnb night on Friday night -RRB- . 
The movie theatres in ENTITY_Sydney are quite luxurious and modern and generally have several theatres screening different movies at the same time .
Do n't go to ENTITY_Kings_Cross , I liked it but it is seedy , full of hookers , drug takers , and people who look filthy rich and almost ever bar or club has a cover on a normal night who know how much they would charge on New years .