A good idea for one day could include the morning harbour bridge climb, followed with a stroll around the rocks & along Macquarie St towards Hyde Park and St Mary's Cathedral, and past the art gallery, the botanical gardens & the opera house. 
There are harbor ferries that run all over the place take one to the Aquarium you 'll be impressed with the shark tank and Maritime Museum just across the waterway . 
on one of those days you can walk the arch of the ENTITY_Sydney_Harbor_Bridge , have lunch at the top of ENTITY_Center_Point_Tower , Check out the Pubs and old stores at the Rocks . 
There are two `` Ghost Tours '' if you have two nights , you must make reservations in advance take one or both . 
the opera house is especially beautiful in summer when the sun reflects off the water in the harbour onto it . 
Shopping Pitt St area around center point and chinatown area for cheaper items best club are around kingscross area and oxford st, good music and sound quality. 
You can rent some really nice place in town but the ENTITY_Harbor are only for people who make alot of money worst luck as they have 3 star on the Harbor and they are worth the $ 500 a week . 
if you guys are up for a little adventure head out west into the blue mountians (2 hours drive or so) plenty of bushwalking to do (free!) lots of national park to explore, plus you got towns like Katoomba to check out, the 3 sisters etc. 
Try experiencing the harbor a bit differently by taking a jet boat ride. 
The best markets for quality and just a lovely day out are ENTITY_Paddington_Markets on a Saturday morning .
Then for the evening take a supper cruise of the harbor on the ENTITY_John_Cadman_Cruising restaurants , see the harbor at night under lights , and enjoy a great meal . 
Another place where you can see the night view is the Sydney Tower eye. 
Take a harbor cruise toward the entrance to ENTITY_Sydney_Harbor you will see a lot of the area . 
There is a museum on one on the pillars close to the rocks that explain the bridge and harbor . 
There is a monorail in town you have to ride it once . 