We've stayed at the Radisson Plaza Resort in a 1 bedroom suite and it was great, you can also pay not too much extra to join the executive club for dinner/snacks/canapes drinks etc, sooo worth it because you spend less when you go out afterwards.
Sydney hotels are booked out for months before New Year, so make sure you allow for that and book in good time.
Stay in one of our Sydney Australia hotels and experiences all the natural loveliness, and the rich blend of cultures that this spectacular harbor city has to offer. 
Choose to stay in one of the many hotels in Sydney and occurrence this sophisticated city, filled with a unique blend of shopping and dining, traditional crafts, recreation attractions and a stupendous variety of cultural attractions. 
I'd recommend the Mercure Hotel Sydney.
I 'd suggest the Inner West - ENTITY_Newtown , ENTITY_Petersham , ENTITY_Marrickville etc , excellent transport and high street shops , gyms , public and private pools , close to public open space 
I would recommend staying in the city itself ; the Rocks , Railway Square and ENTITY_Pitt_St are within a fair walking distance .
The rooms are apartment style , good view of the circular qay and the harbour bridge . 
The place is finished in Marble , and yes , spa in some rooms . 
 There are choices between serviced apartments, hostels and cheap 2 and 3 star hotels
Generally the cheapest places are in Kings Cross which isn't the nicest area but it is a short walk to the city centre.
I stayed at the De Vere hotel a couple of months ago which is a decent budget hotel. 
Decent hotels, which are not too expensive and has a good location are Crest Hotel next to Kings Cross railway station, which means travelling becomes very easy and Ibis World Square, both are 3 star hotels.
The hotels I mentioned above are also a hope away from Central Station where you can hop on a train to Olympic Park which is about a 25 mins train ride . 
The ENTITY_Sydney_Marriot hotel is nice on circular quay -LRB- its within walking distance of the opera house , ENTITY_Harbour_Bridge and there is lots of stuff to do close to it 

