In ENTITY_sydney some places you have to travel by train ferry and bus so it 's better to live nearby In my life I have seen very few peoplle go back their own country unless ENTITY_DIMIA or ENTITY_AFP kick them out Rather than that I found most of the migrant bring their whole battalion here in ENTITY_sydney .
of course you can catch a taxi from ENTITY_Newcastle to ENTITY_Sydney , but one thing I found out , on a one way long distance cab journey , you also pay the return for the cab .
Seven CityRail stations exist in the CBD , with Circular Quay being closest to the ENTITY_Opera_House , both located in the northern parts of the CBD which extends southwardly to Central Station .
The best public transport option is to walk for about 7 minutes to Circular Quay interchange where you can catch bus route 301 , 302 , 303 , 309 or 310 that should take you to the intersection of ENTITY_Castlereagh_St and Market St which is about 4 minutes walking to the Central Plaza .
The train from the airport will take you to central , then around the city loop -LRB- the city circle -RRB- back to central gain . 
If you stay on the train through central and get off at Circular Quay station you will have the ENTITY_Opera_House in view with a short walk to get there . 
I would suggest you just get an all day ticket from the airport -LRB- make sure you include the return trip to the airport
There is a good train service to Sydney from there but you are going to have problems if you don't have a car.
You can manage without a car easily in the city as everything is close at hand and there are plenty of trains and buses to get around.
The train service to Sydney is excellent, pretty affordable housing and some superb beaches.
There is absolutely nowhere in ENTITY_Sydney CBD you can just pull over and park for free , those days are long gone , no matter where you go whether its shopping or to the post office or cinema 
As a student in expensive ENTITY_Sydney you are looking at basic living expenses of about 18,000 to 21,000 dollars a year and public transport is the best way around .
Not essential at all , parking is expensive and hard to find , and the public transport system is excellent .
You 'll get much quicker around by trains and buses than by car .
Depending on which part of ENTITY_Sydney you call home the transport system varies 