I live in Sydney and would thoroughly recommend Darling harbour/Sydney city as a good place to eat out at. 
Along the waterfront, there are an array of excellent restaurants ranging from char grill to seafood. 
I go on a supper cruise every time I go back, you also have the Summit Restaurant at the top of Australia Square, and you have the other restaurant at top of Centre Point that you can view the city as it rotates.
Many restaurants have bring-your-own licences so buy a bottle of wine at a nearby bottle shop which will save the big mark-up on restaurant wines .
I recommend you ENTITY_Sydney , ENTITY_Western_Sydney may be Vegan-friendly location where lots of Indians are staying .
ENTITY_Newtown is also great for cheap eats , lots of cusines available , and a lot of students , as it is close to the main university . 
Also ENTITY_Ashfield is a great place for ENTITY_Chinese food , burwood is very multicultural with one of the best chinese bakeries I know 
try leichhardt in the inner west of ENTITY_sydney , they have a lot of cheapish restaurants , mainly italian with a couple of brazilian .
There are also plenty of cheap restaurants around plus ENTITY_Asian restaurants too in ENTITY_Sydney .
There are lot of restaurants also in ENTITY_Sydney with good sea food .
china town would be awesome for like all chinese food and stuff but if you look around ENTITY_sydney theres all types of resturants , italian , chinese , japanese , mexican etc etc circluar quey ~
ENTITY_Sydney has an abundance of fresh produce at its finger tips and a very developed cafe culture so you can find fantastic cafe style meals nearly anywhere .
ENTITY_Sydney has also recently witnessed a renewed effort from pubs to offer good quality meals , this is mostly spurred on by the increases in tax on ENTITY_Poker_Machines which have been such a cash-cow that many pubs got lazy and half of them removed their kitchen all together ! 
At the top end you will find that ENTITY_Sydney tends to lean towards super fresh ingredients that are lightly touched by the cooking and arrangement so that natural flavours and textures prevail .
there are many restaurants to choose in Star City Casino (including an all you can eat buffet) and there are also several good places in Chinatown.