the opera house and botanical gardens , the rocks , crossing the harbor bridge , shopping , etc. just got back from ENTITY_Sydney and it is just lovely !
Barrenjoey Lighthouse and Palm Beach (northern beaches area) - take the sea plane there from rose bay.
Often used (along with Avalon beach) for the Aussie tv soap - Home and Away. * Manly - doesn't matter how many times - good shops, great beach - always worth a visit.
Try these ideas: Art Gallery of NSW in the Domain (Picasso exhibition on until March), SH Erwin Gallery (close to the observatory on Observatory Hill - also a good place to visit); Museum of Contemporary Art; take a train trip or bus trip to Katoomba in the Blue Mountains, and go on the three spectacular cable care 'rides', or just noodle about Katoomba village, get a ferry ride across to Manley and walk to the beach through the mall, then visit the aquarium there.
Simply walk around the harbour side to the opera house its lovely with many cafes and you can take either a tourist cruise around the harbour with a running commentary or you can get the local commuter ferries which of course a lot cheaper
Collaroy/ Narrabeen beaches * The rocks sunday markets - george street every weekend.
Paddy's markets and chinatown - southern end of Darling harbour - take the tram from central or walk.
Ken Done gallery in the Rocks * Museum of contemporary art in the old maritime building in the rocks (west circular quay).
on one of those days you can walk the arch of the ENTITY_Sydney_Harbor_Bridge , have lunch at the top of ENTITY_Center_Point_Tower , Check out the Pubs and old stores at the Rocks .
susannah place museum - the rocks - includes 1800s vintage corner store and townhouses (guided tour only).
A good idea for one day could include the morning harbour bridge climb, followed with a stroll around the rocks & along Macquarie St towards Hyde Park and St Mary's Cathedral, and past the art gallery, the botanical gardens & the opera house.
Then maybe catch the ferry from Circular Quay to Manly & have some lunch at the Bavarian restaurant on the wharf. Then wander down thru the Corso to get to the main beach.
Later in the afternoon, catch the 135 bus up to North Head, and enjoy the view of the sydney harbour. Get the bus back down again, and then catch the ferry back to the city.
Bridge climb Sydney Tower take one of those water taxi things on the harbour
Botanical Gardens ,look for the fruitbats.