Simply walk around the harbour side to the opera house its lovely with many cafes and you can take either a tourist cruise around the harbour with a running commentary or you can get the local commuter ferries which of course a lot cheaper
Take a harbor cruise to the Sydney Toranga Zoo you'll see all the country's animals.
Tour the Opera house if there is a concert try see it.
Tour "The Rocks", if you are at the harbor it's too the left, this is the oldest part of Sydney.
There is a museum on one on the pillars close to the rocks that explain the bridge and harbor.
There are harbor ferries that run all over the place take one to the Aquarium you'll be impressed with the shark tank and Maritime Museum just across the waterway.
A good idea for one day could include the morning harbour bridge climb, followed with a stroll around the rocks & along Macquarie St towards Hyde Park and St Mary's Cathedral, and past the art gallery, the botanical gardens & the opera house.
Darling harbour and the historical rocks there is plenty around there museums the maritime one is good and you could make your way to Sydney tower and do the sky walk 230metres above on a glass floor.Or go to China Town.
Definitely to the blue mountains to sit in the cool cafes , look at the scenery , and maybe buy some hippy clothes 
Go for a walk around ENTITY_Surry_Hills , especially up ENTITY_Foveaux_Street , this area is sort of the unofficial clothing district in the city and you will find lots of little hole in the wall boutiques and factory outlets . 
Catch the ferry to Manly , go and get an ice cream at ENTITY_Ben and ENTITY_Jerry 's enjoy the beach -LRB- weather permitting -RRB- for a couple of hours then catch the ferry back to the city . Make sure you have your camera ready on the return trip as you will be able to get some spectacular photos of the city .
Get out of the city today , do a day trip to ENTITY_Katoomba , make sure you go on the scenic railway , check out the antique stores in ENTITY_Katoombas main street -LRB- if you are in to that sort of thing -RRB- but the scenic railway is a MUST .
You could visit the ENTITY_Australian_Museum or Powerhouse Museum .
Board the ENTITY_Sydney Showboat for a unique dinner cruise experience .
Check out the Chinese Gardens , the Quay area and the ENTITY_Opera_House .