Try the ENTITY_Holiday_Inn at ENTITY_Darling_Harbour - right opposite the Entertainment Centre , or the Vibe group , otherwise ENTITY_Accor will have a range of prices and accommodation available from Ibis and Novotel brands which are both reasonable .
It is called ENTITY_Base_Backpackers and it is a new type of backpacker place that is luxury -LRB- so do n't think in your head that it is like the dingy places you usually think of ! 
Try the following hotels : Four Seasons Hotel Sydney -LRB- 5 star -RRB- ENTITY_Somerset_Darling_Harbour_Sydney -LRB- 4 star -RRB- - One Bedroom Premier Residence-Spa Radisson Plaza Hotel Sydney -LRB- 5 star -RRB- - Executive Spa Suite incl .
The best location would be at -LRB- or close to -RRB- Circular Quay .
ENTITY_Sydney_Marriot hotel is nice on circular quay -LRB- its within walking distance of the opera house , ENTITY_Harbour_Bridge and there is lots of stuff to do close to it
We've stayed at the Radisson Plaza Resort in a 1 bedroom suite and it was great, you can also pay not too much extra to join the executive club for dinner/snacks/canapes drinks etc, sooo worth it because you spend less when you go out afterwards.
If you want to see the fireworks and go to night clubs you need to be in the CBD or Circular Quay.
The only place i would recommend that has apartment set up for families/disabilties facilities is Hyde Park Plaza Sydney.
I 'd suggest the Inner West - ENTITY_Newtown , ENTITY_Petersham , ENTITY_Marrickville etc , excellent transport and high street shops , gyms , public and private pools , close to public open space -LRB- ENTITY_Sydney park , Cooks river etc -RRB- .
Generally the cheapest places are in Kings Cross which isn't the nicest area but it is a short walk to the city centre.
Decent hotels, which are not too expensive and has a good location are Crest Hotel next to Kings Cross railway station, which means travelling becomes very easy and Ibis World Square, both are 3 star hotels.
The chances of you finding some cheap alternatives is best if you look at one of the last minute web sites where accommodation providors release their unsold rooms.
im from ENTITY_sydney and my recommendations for shopping are the rocks as its got the more expensive brands there but also some reallly good markets on the sunday 
The Lido Suites Kings Cross, 2 Roslyn street, starts at 140 dollars. 
Quay Grand is the best for what you want .