I live in Sydney and would thoroughly recommend Darling harbour/Sydney city as a good place to eat out at.
Near the opera house there is the opera bar, with a live band, so if you are interested in a show and dinner, that would be the place to go. 
Also near the Opera house is the Oyster bar, a romantic little cottage by the waterfront.
But what really inspired me the first time, was the supper cruise with John Cadman, then it was the Explorer 2000, not sure what they have now.
But to Cruise the harbor at night, and see all those lights, to see the Opera house lit up at night as well as the bridge, was awesome.
You can try out the BridgeClimb - this is a climb on to the Harbour bridge.
The best view of Sydney at night is from the top of Sydney Tower, often called Centrepoint Tower (the original name).
Well the night club scene in ENTITY_Sydney moves from week to week , so it is hard to find out where the best places are .
In the rocks hands out my favorite place was ENTITY_Cargo_Bar , Home nightclub is also really cool has a young crowd because they advertise a lot at various uni and they have awesome drink specials usually a 2 shot , a four dollar beer , and one drink that is on discount .
For tourists there are a number of popular bars in the Rocks area -LRB- eg ENTITY_Australia Hotel -RRB- . ENTITY_George street has a number of bars .
Nightlife in Sydney is superb, try Bungalow 8 in Darling Harbour, or just out of town is the Crows Nest Pub in Falcon Street, Crows Nest, they have live bands on 3~4 nights a week and are open until the early hours.
I'd suggest having the party at World Bar, its not too expensive and its one of the few clubs in the whole city where you don't have to scream your lungs out just to talk to the person next to you.
If you want the gay scene, which is huge, Oxford St Darlinghurst and King St Newtown are the places to go.
Depends I spose , go to ENTITY_Newtown or the rocks for pubs .
well. the first time i ever went clubbing, i went to oxford art factory.